     The solar spectra on the enclosed floppy disk are written in
ASCII in the form of two columns, the first being the wavelength
in Angstroms and the second the solar irradiance in photons cm-2
s-1 A-1.

     The instrument used had two detectors in the focal plane,
one giving the spectrum in 0.1 A resolution and the other in 1.0
A resolution, both with a wavelength step increment of .02 A. 

     The measurements given in file 78TNTH83 were made in 0.1 A
resolution.  The step presented in the data here is 0.1 A,
obtained by block averaging over 5 samples in the raw data to
make the data set more manageable.  In a comparison of the
finished product with the raw spectrum it appears that no
significant compromise of the true spectrum has resulted.  For
wavelengths from 2000 A to 2077.4 A, the spectrum from the 1983
measurement has been used.  For 2077.5 A to 3100 A the 1978
flight data were used.

     The spectrum in file AFGL83 is all from the 1983 flight, and
is in 1.0 A resolution, presented here with a step of 0.5 A.  For
wavelengths up to and including 2371.5 A the measurements were
made in 0.1 A resolution and degraded to 1.0 A resolution by
smoothing;  at all longer wavelengths the measurements were made
in 1.0 A resolution.

     The measurements were made from a balloon near 40 km and
have been extrapolated to zero optical depth by correcting for
ozone, O2 Herzberg continuum absorption,  and Rayleigh
scattering.  No correction has been made for Schumann-Runge
absorption, so there remains some slight signature from the 0-0
and 1-0 bands of that system near 2000 A and 2025 A,
respectively.

     References:

     Anderson, G. P., and L. A. Hall, Solar irradiance between
2000 and 3100 Angstroms with spectral bandpass of 1.0 Angstroms,
J. Geophys. Res., vol 94, pp 6435-6441, 1989.
     Hall, L. A., and G. P. Anderson, High resolution solar
spectrum between 2000 and 3100 Angstroms, J. Geophys, Res., in
press.
